{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Shadowed by the spires of Oxford, always perpetually playing catchup in terms of Architecture and fashion with its Larger neighbour. A description of both Banbury the town and it\'92s shadowy inhabitants. \
\
Oxford leads, with it\'92s numerous denzines of the night, the Ghosts that haunt its ancient spires, the Mages that call those spires home, the vampires that stalk between them, housed in it innumerable crypts and passing among its countless churning student populous. Add to this the rolling green fields, and dispersed woodlands of Oxfordshire and its Lycanthrope and Magely guardians! It draws visitors to its historic academia, but only as a way station between the Metropolitan centres of Birmingham, and London. \
\
Banbury by comparison, copies, almost overlooked by every traveller its more stable populous of denizens appreciate being left alone. Those wishing to escape notice have found it a handy place to hide in the shadow of the greater metropolises and Oxfords spires. The numbers are fewer, the churn less. But as the roar of the arterial motorway passes by and the canal through \'a0is a base for these denizens. \
\
Often a staging ground for those pushing into Oxford, or wishing to go unnoticed while they foray into Oxford. It has played host to Sabbat parties, Anarchist groups, none establishment coteries. It is the last resting place of more than one denzine chased into the shadows by those license who seek to protect the land. And it has hidden in its parts more than one immortal hiding from the final days. \
}